Now that we've talked about the
Java parallelism frameworks,
I'm going to give you a quick
summary of the case study
apps we'll be focusing
on in this course
to help make these
frameworks come to life
and give us an opportunity
to show lots of source code
examples.
These source code
examples that we'll
be covering as case studies are
all available in open source
form from my GitHub repository.
So feel free to
take a look at that.
And you can find
all the examples
we'll be covering here.
I'll typically put links
to the specific repository
in question, or being discussed,
at the bottom of the slides
as we go through the examples.
So the first example
we'll look at
is something called the
SimpleSearchStream case study.
And this example is here
really just to demonstrate
the use of sequential streams.
And what it does is it locates
words in the lyrics of songs.
So we'll talk about this
example a little bit later.
But basically, you
can look up in a song
lyric for various words.
And I'll show you some
funny examples when we get
to the case study here shortly.
Another case study
that we'll focus on
is called the
SearchStreamGang case study.
And this is a more
sophisticated example
that uses regular
expressions to locate phrases
in the complete
works of Shakespeare.
And it does it various ways.
There's a sequential version,
just to provide a baseline.
There's a whole bunch of
different parallel versions
we'll be talking
about, some of which
use parallel streams, some of
which use completable futures.
There's even some
examples in here
that show off
things like Rx Java
and the ForkJoinPool
framework, and so on.
So this is a really
cool example and it'll
give us a chance to compare
these different parallelism
frameworks in an apples
to apples like way
in terms of their performance.
Yet another example
we'll look that will also
demonstrate and
compare and contrast
several Java
parallelism frameworks
is called the
ImageStreamGang case study.
And this shows how
Java's parallel streams
and completable
futures frameworks can
be applied to download, filter,
store, and display images
in parallel.
And it's really cool.
It's got an Android version
that runs as an app.
It's also got a
command line version.
So you can pick and
choose what makes
most sense for your interests
and your platform of choice.
And then the fourth case study
that we'll be looking at detail
is the so-called
ImageCounter case study.
And this is a web crawler which
will take some starting URL,
and it'll recursively
traverse all the various links
reachable from that URL.
And it will count the
number of images reachable
in parallel, by using
asynchronous reactive
programming in the Java
completable futures framework.
Once again, each of
these frameworks,
each of these examples, is
available on my GitHub account.
And you can find the
links at the bottom
of each of the slides.